
sab.gif

Super Asteroid Blaster was a straightforward side scrolling shooter I put together. It was fun putting the parallax background together and getting different visuals to work. The little explosion was my favorite part. I'm proud of how well the visuals turned out for a short term project like this. 

ldlcap1.gif

Little Diablo Labyrinth is a puzzle game I put together starting the titular character, Little Diablo. Collect keys and dodge enemies to open up new areas. 

ldlcap2.gif

I added a new enemy here in the spinning blue blades, creating urgency for the player and testing their pattern memorization.




Questions you can ask yourself AND reflection starters/statements you can begin with when writing your personal reflection are found below.

Questions:

What did you learn?

I ton about programming and all that this.

How did you learn it?

Youtube, mostly. 
 

Where was the turning point in which everything started to make sense?

This past couple years programming with my pal mitch.

Was it my best work?

No. 

How could I have improved my work?

I could have been more competent. 





Reflection Starters:

I am proud of this work because…

I actually did it and it wasn't that bad. I sat around my whole life and read about the works of greater men.  

My work was of high quality because…

It was fun at least. 

What I learned from doing this piece was…

That it was hard to make sprites. 

This piece was a challenge for me because…

I had to transfer a lot of files from bootcamp partition to my mac, back to the bootcamp thing to be used in game maker studio which was not ideal to say the least. 

This piece shows that I understand how to…

This piece is important to me because…

I think my audience will be impressed with this work because…

Now I understand that…

I think that…

 

I wonder why or if…

 

I realize now that…

 

A question raised in my mind is…

 

Maybe…

 

An idea that ‘sparkled' for me was…because…

 

I have gained significant growth in the areas of…due to…

 

I now understand the importance of…

 

What I learned from this experience is…

 

What I will do differently next time is…

 

The most significant learning for me was…





 

Growth questions/prompts:

What are the strengths of this work? Weaknesses?

What would you work on more if you had additional time?

How has your ______ (e.g., writing) changed since last year?

What do you know about ______ (e.g., the scientific method) that you did not know at the beginning of the year (or semester, etc.)?

Looking at (or thinking about) an earlier piece of similar work, how does this new piece of work compare? How is it better or worse?

Where can you see progress or improvement?

How did you get "stuck" working on this task?

How did you get "unstuck"?

One skill I could not perform very well but now I can is…

From reviewing this piece I learned…

Although this assignment focuses on your strengths and weaknesses, the questions and prompts below will help you with the selection of your artifacts, goal-setting and evaluation of your portfolio. 





Selection questions/prompts:

Why did you select this piece?

Why should this sample be included in your portfolio?

How does this sample meet the criteria for selection for your portfolio?

I chose this piece because… 

Goal-setting questions/prompts

What is one thing you can improve upon in this piece?

What is a realistic goal for the end of the quarter (semester, year)?

What is one way you will try to improve your ____ (e.g., writing)?

One thing I still need to work on is… I will work toward my goal by…

Evaluation questions/prompts

If you were a teacher and grading your work, what grade would you give it and why?

Using the appropriate rubric, give yourself a score and justify it with specific traits from the rubric.

What do you like or not like about this piece of work?  I like this piece of work because…

Effort questions/prompts

How much time did you spend on this product/performance?

The work would have been better if I had spent more time on…  I am pleased that I put significant effort into…

Overall portfolio questions/prompts

What would you like your _____ (e.g., parents) to know about or see in your portfolio?

 

What does the portfolio as a whole reveal about you as a learner (writer, thinker, etc.)?